Add `app-common` module (#8000)
thunderbird/thunderbird-android: app-common/README.md

# App Common

This is the central integration point for shared code among the K-9 Mail and Thunderbird for Android applications.

> It contains the core functionality, shared resources, and configurations that are common to both apps. It should be kept as lean as possible to avoid unnecessary dependencies and ensure that it remains focused on shared functionality.

Author: What about?

```suggestion
This is the central integration point for shared code among the K-9 Mail and Thunderbird for Android applications. Its purpose is to collect and organize the individual feature modules that contain the actual functionality, as well as the "glue code" and configurations that tie them together.

By keeping the shared code focused on these boundaries, we can ensure that it remains lean and avoids unnecessary dependencies. This approach allows us to maintain a clean and modular architecture, making it easier to maintain and update the codebase.
```

> It contains the core functionality, shared resources, and configurations that are common to both apps. It should be kept as lean as possible to avoid unnecessary dependencies and ensure that it remains focused on shared functionality.

Reviewer: I like it :+1:
